Now it seems the number of front in framework's keeps growing.

And that is great at organizing and bundling these frameworks and this section we're going to hook up

re-act Yes SAS and other frameworks to show how they interact with web pack and how web that can be

used with anything you choose to make a better javascript developer experience.

Now this section is a little unlike the last section because we're going to start from a common place

in each of these classes.

The common places where we left off in the development section in our terminal Let's get Cologne this

get hub repository.

This is under my personal account and it contains all the code for this course.

As you can see we're on Branch master.

We're going want to check out branche hookup hookup is just the end of the development course.

So if you want to start from where we left off in development feel free to do that as well.

This is just a failsafe.

All right.

The final thing we need to do is NPM install to get all the latest packages.

OK so in this episode we're going to install reac and we're going to do so in a very particular way

we won't react to be the basis of our app but we don't want to give up any of the hot reloading development

goodness that we've built in the development section.

So let's start doing a simple proof of concept hooking up react and what's and making sure that the

Riak state is kept in sync even as we reload.

So it started let's install react and react.

Let's open that up and code it for.

So we see our familiar code from last section.

Let's create a file that will be the basis of our re-act app will create insource and call it jazz.

Let's require Bebel register.

If your call this is the same file that we use on the server side to get ESX imports working.

And that's what we're going to do right here.

Let's also require the app file we just created.

All right.

Now in our in-depth study Timo let's add a new div

we're going to call it reactive root.

Normally I don't like using IDs but in this case it indicates that it'll will only be one root.

No one objects.

Let's put some boilerplate in that we'd use with any Riak component.

We're going to import re-act

miniport react.

NOORANI use react and he gives a surrender function.

That function takes two arguments.

First is something that looks like HVM out

to say hello from re-act the second argument is just some vanilla javascript

this piece of javascript is going to pull the DOM node that we need to inject react into.

All right so let's roll the development server and see where we're at.

All right we have an unexpected token error.

This starts right on the h d m l so as is the case with other errors of this type.

We're going to need to update our babbel RC to make sure that web pack understands this new syntax so

embezzlers see let's add a new preset we're going to do so rather Neith the ENP preset this preset is

called Babel preset react.

And this is going to allow us to read the GSX.

Now we see gnomon has recompiled our code and it couldn't find the preset which means we have to install

So it's NPM install a preset reac all right cool.

Let's rerun our server.

Seems to be compiling successfully.

What does Babel actually doing to our Abdias file.

Well let's run Babel source.

Actually yes.

Here's the output.

You can see the babble has translator ESX imports into iOS 5 node style requires.

But down here is where it gets interesting.

We no longer see any of this syntax.

It looks like each DML.

Now this is GSX Jess X is a syntax that Bebel can compile down to plain Javascript functions.

In this case it compares it to the Create element function.

The first argument is what kind of element we want.

The second is what attributes are on that element.

And the third is the contents of that element and then we see the plain javascript to tell it where

to inject the javascript into.

Let's update this a little bit.

Let's give it a class name of test.

Let's rerun this to see what happens.

You can see the second argument has changed.

It's no longer.

No it's now class name test so any attributes we put on this element will appear in the second argument.

All right so that's GSX in a nutshell.

Let's rerun our development server.

Open it in our browser and there we go hello react.

So if we open up our console I have a Chrome extension that allows for Riak debugging.

You can inspect any Riak component and it pulls in the props.

In this case the only props we have are CHILDREN Hello from react.

It also tells us that we have a class property value test.

I find this Chrome extension pretty useful when dealing with complex re-act apps.

So Google Chrome extension react.

You'll find it at the top.

It's definitely worth adding to your browser if you plan on working and react.

OK.

So that's well and good.

We've added a little bit of GSX.

We've rendered it to the page.

We go back to CEO says we can see that hot reloading still works.

We can see that it reloads when we update the jazz acts.

Not bad but a component isn't just static Gas-X a true component has a state I'd like to show how we

can use to react hotwater library to make sure we maintain state even as we're hot reloading our components.

And that's what we're going to get into in the next episode.
