Welcome back in the last episode we started our journey into react by hooking up the basic boilerplate

for re-act workflow but our components require more than just basic HMO.

They need a state that is maintained even during the hot reloading process.

So let's finish off our new re-act workflow through the use of a cutting edge package re-act hot loader.

So let's create a new file

source.

Let's create a file called counter Jap's now Jaz is going to be written in the re-act component class

style.

So we import react and react has a function called component which we can extend into the current class.

Now this class will be exported upon definition every class is a constructor and react to the constructors

and props

we immediately call super on those props so that component can receive them.

Now let's set up a state reactive state.

It's just an object.

We're going to give that object one property with one value.

A counter needs account.

OK so the next function in the class is going to be a render function every render function is going

to return some GSX

So let's return another H-1 let's include the state.

Now let's import the counter

into our objects

and replace Hello from react with our counter component.

Notice the syntax I'm using.

I'm importing a javascript object but GSX requires that you surround these in brackets indicate a kind

of DML feel to it.

Since this is a self-closing component with no children read it close it right here.

All right let's restart our server.

You can see on our browser We have a new counter component if we change it.

We can see your browser updates by refreshing.

That's pretty cool.

You changed the state and you see the state changes.

Now what if we wanted the user to update the state.

Let's add an event handler

so we're going to surround each one with a div we're going to give it an on click prop is on click Propp

takes a function.

Let's call this function Klein

wants to find the Klein function right here.

Klein is going to be called every time the user clicks and crime is going to set the state or component

and we give set state one argument which is the new object.

In this case we want the state update one from the current state.

One last thing we have to do is we have to bind the proper scope every time we click we want this to

equal this.

The state is maintained proper scope.

You don't understand that that's fine.

It's not necessarily important.

Important thing to remember is that on events we're going to want to bind the proper scope using the

bind function so we can see it's related in a browser.

If we click it updates in our re-act from extension you can see that the state has also updated every

time we click.

Not bad.

What happens when when we change it

we can see it returns to the initial state that reloads all the code and returns to this initial state.

That's not necessarily what we want.

If we were say updating a dropdown menu we'd want the menu to stay open.

If the state were open we can continue to change it styles without having to say hover over the menu.

So how do we preserve state on a reload.

That's where re-act hot loader comes in.

So back in our terminal

let's install re-act hot loader and make sure it's the latest one by doing at next you're going to want

3.0 or above.

Now that yes it's important to react hollower

we're importing one of its functions there's a component called app container and that's where the magic

happens.

So back in a rendered function let's build this out a bit

more surround our counter with that container.

Next let's abstract this render function out so it can accept any component.

Now when we call it with counter counter we'll become component which will be rendered here.

Now this step is important because next what we're going to do is we're going to add the code that allows

the hot reloading to happen at container as a property to any incoming module as it's being loaded.

That property is hot.

So as app is reloaded it's going to look at the module and see if there's a hot property on it.

If there is you want to call the function except

we want to give it the component that we want to except in this case we're in give it countered jazz.

Then it takes a function.

This function is run counter as is the file We're accepting.

This function dynamically requires counter jazz

because it's not E6 it's going to require us to use default since default is what we're exporting here

now that we have a brand new updated counter.

We're going to render that.

So once again if the models coming in from a hot reload it's going to have the access function on it.

If the modules name is counter digests we're going to run this function which requires the component

and renders it up here.

Now this might look a little squirrely but I'll show you why it matters in a second.

Finally in our Babel or C Let's add one more plug in right after transform runtime.

We're going to add the re-act hot loader babbel plug in the main J is at the top.

Let's require

re-act loader patch.

This is the code is going to be sent down to the client and we accept and reload our component maintain

the state.

So go to a shot.

Looks good.

We see that react toddler patches right here.

All right let's zoom in a little so we can see exactly what we're looking at.

You can see our container component which is within it.

The state of count.

OK so we're going to watch her compile happen here as we change things.

Our CEO says instant no problem.

No change or counter component.

See what happens

instant no reload.

But what happens when we change the state we're clicking on it updating the state to 5 want to change

it back.

You can see that we maintain the state of fire while changing the overall component.

Every time it reloads it sends new hot update

with all the changes to our component.

We can see the re-act hot loader at work right here.

All right pretty cool.

So that's a starting point.

Not too hard.

You definitely don't have to understand every part of the re-act hot loader to get the benefits of using

it in this episode.

We hooked up react and GSX into our well-packed set up.

We then built a component that uses hot module reloading.

We then use the hot reloader plug in to finish up our optimal developer setup by maintaining state within

the component if you need to catch up.

This is the branch to check out that contains the final code.

Up next we're going to revert back to the Hookup branch so that we can show how Ejay ass in other templating

languages are easily incorporated into Ambac.
