All right welcome back in this section we've been hooking up our favorite front end solutions and seeing

how they interact with Web.

Next up our T.M. templating languages like Ejaz pug and handlebars.

They all pretty much hook up the same way.

We're going to use The Hookup branch as a starter for everything in this section since we won't be carrying

over some of the changes into the optimizing for production section to begin let's get clone this get

hub repository CD into web packhorse.

We're going to check out Hookup.

Finally we're going to NPM install to get all the packages.

All right cool.

Now let's start with Ejaz embedded javascript is the most Ruby like syntax of all the templating languages.

It's also the default for web pack HDMI plugin.

Let's open up this project and we're going to create a new file in-source Let's create index Ejaz

So when a web page config.

Let's scroll down to the bottom and replace index that each T.M. with index that Ejaz.

Now to get started let's copy and paste all of indexed not HVM into index that Ejaz.

Now let's add a variable up in the head.

Let's add title Aegeus uses this syntax to evaluate variables inside the template.

In this case we're going to pass the variables through web.

So inside the HDMI plugin you can pass a variable like title

and beckon or Aegeus file.

Let's include that with each Chimo pack.

Plug in options title.

Notice this is lowercase.

You'll notice that this is one flat object.

You can also pull template out as a variable and that would give you this value.

You can include as much custom stuff as you want.

In this one object so let's run development server lets open it in a browser and see that the title

is brought in Link's Journal.

Now if you'll notice we're not parsing the image the same way the HDMI loader does.

That's unfortunate but there is a way around that.

For instance if we output this with a hash

read see web pack is now outputting a hash after the link in the image name we reload we can see that

it's broken because it's pointing to the original and it's not parsing the way we like.

So how do we fix this.

In each case there's a simple way to do it.

If we include require

we can see that web pack is once again pulling in the proper file.

Now previously under the covers web PAC was converting this to require anyway.

So this is sort of a more explicit way to require images inside your Ejaz.

Now notice we don't have to use a loader here that's because the malware pack plugin uses Ejaz as a

default.

Now let's move on to pug.

Back in our terminal let's create a new file index that pug once NPM install plug in the plug loader

inside plug.

We're going to want to use the plug syntax which is different

going to quickly run through the Pug's syntax

so that's where the file looks like in pug now when our config.

Let's change this to pug and let's add a new loader under the HMO loader.

Let's say we're going to test

for pug

and we're going to use one loader the plug loader.

All right let's start our server back up again.

We can see we're serving pug here.

All right.

All we have left is handlebars.

So let's get that working back on our terminal.

Let's copy source index that Ejaz source index.

But HBO is is a pretty quick way to just copy and paste the work we've already done.

Now the only thing you change with handlebars is the syntax that variables are expressed.

So we're in change that now.

All right looks good.

Now when our Web page config.

Let's add another loader

use ABS for this we use the handlebars loader

right way down here.

Let's use it.

Yes.

And on our terminal let's install handlebars the handlebars loader.

All right.

So let's run our web server and see where we're at.

We're going to parse error.

It doesn't seem to like or require So let's take that out.

It seems to work now but it's broken once again.

So what do we do.

Well it turns out there's one more thing we can do in our options.

Handlebars loader you have a query we're going to give it one option in line requires.

And this takes a reg x inside of a string.

All right so now we have proper parsing for images because there's one option in line requires images.

Now one of the early draws of preprocessors like e.g. pug handlebars Hamilton says was that because

there was a necessary compile step to output the HDMI needed the compilers themselves became early runtime

watchers and hot reloaders coupled with a live reload browser extension.

Much of what well-packed does on the developer experience side is a lineage with these preprocessors

if you'd like to see what the final code would look like.

Check out templates final.

Next we'll discuss preprocessors and Aro prefixes on the style sheet side.
