OK we'll go back in the last episode we looked at the various preprocessors Schrage T.M..

Now we'll look at the CSSA side with popular solutions like SAS less and stylus.

Finally we'll add auto prefix or using posts VSS to remove a cross-browser headache.

We're going to start right where we left off in the HMO templating episode.

But if you need to catch up get clone this get her repository CD into web packhorse.

Check out CSSA prep and finally MBIA install to get the latest packages.

All right.

So over the past decade we've seen valiant attempts to move CSSA further towards a Turing complete programming

language and simplified design.

For developers let's approach all three of these SAS lessons styles at the same time.

Since they're done the same way.

Start as usual in the terminal.

Let's NPM install node SAS and the SAS loader.

Now let's open them in our code editor now let's create a new file with touch source Meneses

when main js file.

Let's change main CSSA to main SAS Pech config.

We're going to add a new loader

that's going to be very similar to the CSSA letters.

Let's copy that underneath.

Let's test for SAS.

Give us a little more room and underneath the CSSA loader we're going to have the Saslow for

let's say main C Ss

pasted into main SAS and cleaned it up a bit

SAS doesn't require any brackets for semi-colons uses whitespace like tabs to denote where the rules

are underneath the selector.

So that looks good.

Now let's run our dev server to see what it looks like.

We look in our head we see the CSSA has been exported from the SAS file.

If we change it

we see that we have our same hot reloading action.

We've always had.

But the true power of SAS is in how it nest's rules.

So we take our image in H-1 that are inside of our profile anyway and we space it so that underneath

the profile we can have something very different pop out right here.

So let's save it and see what happens.

You can see that under profile we have closing brackets room profile precesses output the CSSA in such

a way that we can see the profile image is underneath the profile.

Using this nesting we can have different styles for images underneath the profile and outside.

It's all automatically maintained.

Not too bad but what about imports.

The idea with imports is that you want to break up your CSSA into various files so create a new file

source profile that says

Now let's take our profile code and cut it paste it into profile says so inside Meneses.

Let's import profile.

We can see it shows up just as before.

If we edit this back we ever same how reloading.

If we change this

it's all included automatically using the node says library.

So this is a great way to organize your files using SAS.

Now less than stylize are set up the exact same way.

Let's install those.

Now let's install less and less loader and stylus and the stylus loader

inside or we're packing thing.

Let's take this Sessler and copy it twice Let's change the first copy of SAS.

S t y l and change the Sessler stylus loader.

Second Copy will do less.

Let's create a couple of extra files.

Touch source mean less source mean style.

Stylus is basically the same syntax as SAS whereas less is very much the same syntax is C Ss or SPSS.

Let's do less.

First so in Maine less let's copy our CSX into it.

Now we want to grab the image in the H-1 we want to paste it into profile and less allow for variables

to represent our commonly used values unless the variables are denoted like this.

So if we set up gray to equal this we'll rerun our Web server we can see it's bringing it in right now.

Now we can change the variable.

It will change automatically imports mix ins and functions work just as you would expect because all

the functionality is handled on the left side using the less loader.

So switch to stylus

pack reloads and stylus has broken our code.

So if we take this

pasted into here and see that it goes back to normal stylus and SAS are very similar in syntax the difference

with stylus is it also supports CSSA syntax.

So if we take this out we go back to our main CSSA and paste this in.

You can see that stylus really doesn't care whether we use the SAS syntax using whitespace or the CSO

syntax using brackets and semi-colons.

In fact it doesn't cure of use semi-colons at all.

Everything works no problem.

Mix and match between syntaxes and style really is cool.

And you're still able to use variables like you'd like

all right.

Not too bad.

Now let's move on and talk about auto prefixing with posts.

SS A great goal of an optimal developer experience is to abstract the browser's compatibility away into

a part of the CSSA build precise.

You can see her in profile.

I have two ways to say a line item.

I have the standard way that Firefox and Chrome knows and I have the Microsoft specific way that I see

an edge now.

Now keeping up with all the browser irregularities prefixes is not very fun to think about that while

you develop is harder than it needs to be.

So the smart people at post C Ss came up with a way to auto prefix the rules where each browser has

their own way of implementing.

So let's look at how that would work.

Closedown a bunch of this inside a web config.

We're going to go to the stylus loader right between the CSSA loader and the stylus loader.

We're going to add a new loader which is going to be the post CSSA loader so you want to be in between

because you want stylus to output CSSA for this guy posi SS is going to stand in between and add the

appropriate prefixes automatically.

We need to add the post CSSA loader as you can tell.

So is it out we're going to NPM install posts SS and post SS loader

cool.

Now we're going to create a new config file.

Posts SS config J as the SS file is going to be pretty simple.

So let's hook it up right now and say module exports equals plugins and then an array inside that array.

We're going to require auto prefix or all right that's all there is to it.

So back on our stylus.

Let's take out M-S a line item center.

Now we're only going to have one line items.

We restart our server in our browser which has already reloaded we can see that all prefix or adds all

the different kinds of fluxbox.

All we have to do is have the rule and the auto prefix or does the rest.

Let's see the difference in our stylus loader.

We can comment this out and save when we reload the browser.

We see that everything is as written.

When we add posts VSS back in we're going to need to reload the browser but we see that we've added

all the different kinds of prefixes for Web Kit Microsoft etc..

Pretty cool.

Now you may be wondering how does a prefix or know what to add in does just add everything.

The answer is basically the same answer.

Do we have for Babel.

It uses a specific API.

Behind the scenes that can be found here.

Can I use dot com.

Can I use figures out where the browsers are right now in time.

Intel's auto prefix or if we want to support all the current browsers we need to add these rules so

supporting all the current browsers in all their various states can now be an afterthought.

Using auto prefix or post says post here says has a lot more features.

We're just going to use this one feature for right now.

And of course the same would work if I was using the less SAS or CSSA version of this file.

All right.

So in this episode we looked at a few options for extending CSSA into a more Turing complete language.

We also enhanced our developer experience with prefixing for older browser compatibility.

We'll get into CSSA more in future episodes from optimizing and inlining in production to the new generations

of javascript based CSSA solutions.

See there.
