All right.

Welcome back.

In this episode we're going to explore two options for component sizing your success within your jast

files.

We're going to start from a common branch yet.

Check out CSX in yes.

So in this branch we have a basic development set up and we started a simple reactor application.

It's the same state that we were on at the end of the re-act hookup episode.

So we run it

we see that we have a workable counter.

When you click it it increments.

All right.

Now the first kind of success we want to get into is the one that comes prepackaged with WebEx CSSA

loader.

Here in the C Ss loader definition we can add a series of options.

We had a query object to give our CSSA some options.

The first option is modules SRU the modules through is all you need.

And then I'll give you the ability to do something like this if you wanted to import.

So let's take the CSSA out of our main Dutch A-S in-style webpage now instead let's import that

import styles from Maine CSSA.

And the way this works is you still use a class name like normal but no use styles.

And in the name of the class you want to import.

So in this case I say I have a counter class down here.

You make a counter we can give this a chance like say text decoration underline

and now we can see it's pulling in the C Ss.

Now let's change the class name to something looks like a hash.

So this is a hash.

We can customize this with another option.

In our web config back here in the loader if we say local ident name that's capital I capital N you

can give it sort of a template for which you want it to look like.

We'll make sure that rebuilds and then we reload as we see.

The class name is no longer undecipherable right.

It's Main which is the name of the file.

Main CSSA and local which is the class name counter.

That's pretty cool.

We can also for a production environment give it a hash for caching purposes and the hash of something

like hash.

You say for if you only want for the hash numbers you can say base 64 and do only 8 whatever you want

to do.

So that's going to look like it's going to look like this.

All right.

So we have the first eight you have best of both worlds if the file comes from the class itself and

its cache expiry hash.

This is basically the BEM syntax.

You did something like this to be the Bhimsen tax.

And it's very easy to set up using just the CSSA loader.

The second type of CSSA in as package they use is template literals inside your Jasc files to create

scoped CSSA in the same way as modules would.

It's pretty cool and I wanted to go into it a bit to finish up this lesson because this is where I believe

the future of CSSA is.

So there's been a number of packages over the years that have been developing this.

The one that's currently on top is called a motion NPM install motion

NPM run dev to get our server started again.

Now inside carjacks we can import CSSA from emotion.

Yes that's because of the brackets.

Now right below that but above the class let's create a new variable class name equal success and it

will put two back ticks at the end of CSX.

Now this is an Essex style of writing functions called the template literal.

It behaves just like a normal template literal would.

You can include variables using the dollar sign brackets notation.

So if we had a variable read

now this CSSA function will compile this into a class name and include the CSSA in the header.

So now we have a class name that we can insert take out this inline style here.

It's a class name class name.

So now you see once it reloads we have a red counter call

need semi-colons between age.

That's cool.

All right.

So what is the class name look like.

Looks like this.

C Ss and the hash hash is going to be the hash of this stuff.

So it's not inlining it it's placing it up here in the head in the style of motion tags.

You can see that we've got

you've got it separated out.

So now we can use whatever we want as far as JavaScript goes.

Lupe's variables other reference files the database almost anything and emotion can go even further

than that.

Let's say we wanted to use props inside of our CSSA.

We need to couple them more packages for that.

So let's NPM install re-act emotion and babbel plug in emotion.

Write on one side of her babble or see what's that new plug in we just installed it create a new array.

Right after that re-act hot Luter Babbar the first element of that array will be motion.

The second element will be an object.

It's going to be sourced map to an auto.

They will

true.

All right.

Let's get it running again.

Inside counter japes was imports styled from react in motion.

So what react to motion which you do is it lets you set up a component name to be used inside of your

render function and lets you tie your styles directly to that component was an example of how I would

say we want to create something called Fancy fancy composite created by calling styles.

And thats just a function.

Its going to take a string which is the name of the element you want to create in this case in H-1 the

end that is going to take the template literal back to X.

So now we can put our CSSA in here and say color pack.

So now we have a component here that we can render just like anything else.

So and so the H-1 let's say fancy

and we'll take out the class name.

Kind of cleans it up a bit doesn't it.

All right so now you see the hot pink from right here.

The semantics are a lot cleaner source in normal way.

What does this thing look like.

Looks like this.

You see the stuff for hot pink.

You can also use props inside your emotion components if you will.

So let's say we wanted to set this up so it changes color every time I click the button and it's one

color if it's odd or another color it's even.

So that's pretty easy to set up.

So instead of our styled instead of using just hot pink you create a space for javascript and we'll

say props do a federal function.

So we'd say props dot wild.

If that's true it's going to be hot pink.

It is not going to be gold.

So you can see already it's changed to gold because Prop stock while it is not there it's false.

Of course you can set it and say wild goes back to pink.

Pretty crazy.

So now what if we want to click and change this.

So the return function above here let's just say is wild.

Here's why it's going to be called this date count modulars two equals zero.

Now if this number margin's to zero that's synonymous with this.

Even if it doesn't equal zero it's going to be odd.

It was a simple way to determine if this is an odd or even number in the count.

Now we put as wild as the value of wild reloads.

Now we click this we go back and forth between gold and hot pink switching.

This class information right here.

Back and forth back forth.

So when they had her it's going to define both colors and it's just going to switch to the CSSA class.

Every time I click it is going to switch on the class itself.

It's a pretty cool way to do it.

All right.

So using this set up you can see there's a lot of places for optimization and you can have any props

affect any style you put in here.

You can animate that way you can have a lot of things happen to have more chances for customization

and RCA says in production.

This stuff is going to be bundled into a separate CSSA file so there's not a lot of inlining there's

just these class names.

And even though they render out with long class names here it doesn't pollute your source code your

source code can be very semantic.

All right.

So in this episode we introduce two ways to do so.

He has in javascript.

We used CMS as modules which are just options on the CSSA letter itself naming the classes in such a

way.

The other one required a little more set up and not too bad.

It was the emotion package.

We added it to our plugins and imported it from emotion and then set up these really nicely semantically

named CSSA wrappers around our function.

If you need to catch up get check out CSSA in Jr.'s final.

That's it for now.

Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you next time.
