All right welcome back.

In this episode we're going to look at hooking up typescript into back typescript as JavaScript with

extra commands for using types Now types in programming languages is a large topic.

Suffice to say it's defining what kind of data a variable will hold.

For example a string and throw an error if any lines of code want to change that value to another type

like a number.

We'll provide an example in this episode.

So getting typescript setup will pave the way for hooking up angular inter web tech workflow.

So we're going to start from where we left off at the end of the re-active development section.

If you need the code it's get.

Check out Hookup.

All right.

So to get started let's grab some packages in the terminal let's NPM install typescript and the awesome

typescript loader.

So this should look pretty familiar.

Lueders are not very tricky.

They follow the same syntax.

Now inside of our web dev let's add an entry point let's call it ts

and that'll be pointing to index not TS.

Let's create that now

all right so now done or.

Really want to create a new one.

Very much like the javascript Lowder's let's copy and paste it.

J.S. we're going to say yes we're still going to exclude node modules and loader we're going to call

the awesome typescript loader all right and last.

Let's create a TS config Jaison file.

Now TS config Jaison is going to hold a number of options that the typescript compiler will use to transpire

code.

It was just a plain object

that compiler options will go through one of the time but suffice to say we're setting up for the most

common necessary options for typescript an angular.

So we want typescript to use the module definition pattern of common jazz

module resolution describes how typescript finds files.

So it's good to look at our node modules folder for non-relative paths.

Next you want to describe what we want to transpire to target meaning what does its final code look

like.

In our case we want to look like S-5 code.

Next we want to allow javascript files to be included in our typescript as well.

The lib option is telling typescript to load certain libraries before it starts its translation.

So he has 5 and 6 and the DOM libraries are going to be necessary to complete translation.

So it's kind of an automatic blow these libraries.

First

Source map true just get allowed to use source maps.

And finally experimental decorators and an MIT decorator metadata that's both true angular uses decorators

and typescript might change it in the future so it'll throw a warning if we don't have these.

Lastly outside of the compiler options I'm going to set an option for Adam which is my code editor

so he uses my TS config and doesn't attempt to use it.

So add that option for using atom.

OK so we're finally ready to write some typescript code.

So an index that is let's make a new phone in

you can see immediately we're getting Lanting information

which goes away when we've completed our definition.

You can see that there is autocomplete here and we're able to tab to complete typescript understands

what these are is giving us a little helpful tool tips along the way.

So our function is pretty simple.

It takes a greeting and it logs it to the con..

So let's use that function down here.

So you can see all we're doing is creating a function and calling it at the end.

Now first thing you'll notice is that typescript looks exactly the same as regular javascript except

for one thing or argument greeting has a colon string.

Now that's one of a bunch of types that typescript supports the native types if you will.

Now you can also build your own types but that's outside of the scope of this lesson.

So let's spin a burden of server and see what we get.

We can see the types of files included.

That's good

and its output is a bundle

in our console we see Hello typescript.

You can also see its index dot TS which is pretty great because of source mapping and that one little

option and web packs power.

We have the original typescript right here.

All right cool.

So what happens when we break it.

So let's add another function.

Greeting one two three.

So you see right off the bat we have a Linter air inside the atom mighty.

And that's because I'm using the typescript package to compile everything as I type it and the browser

you see.

We have an error argument of type 1 2 3 is not assignable to parameter of type string.

It's a pretty good error.

It tells you exactly what the issue is.

It also appears in the console.

So we have it in the overlay the console and right in your ID.

All three things telling you hey this is not how we're supposed to program this function and it's not

going to run unless you change this.

In this lesson we've got type working and we're back and show that typing error is bubbling up to the

overlays screen typescript is a bigger subject with syntax to set up more kinds of types if you need

the final code get check out Hookup typescript final in the next lesson.

We're going to continue down the typescript track and hook up the latest version of angular G-S see

there.
