OK welcome back in this episode we're going to look at hooking up angular genius in the web back.

We're going to start where we left off in the last episode.

We're re-installing had figured typescript if you'd like to catch up get check out Hookup angular now

angular recommends using the angular CLID for most things and for most things it's really great.

As to setting up a new project so the developer can understand it.

That's not one of them.

The angular CLID gives you have finished well-packed boilerplate.

If you run Engy new you'll end up with a finished web pack boiler plate will be running and compiling

with Welbeck but it will hide the configuration away and it will obscure changing it.

No that's the opposite of what I'm trying to do in this course so I invite you to explore the angular

Seelye as well as it has some other great features in this lesson we're going to include the angular

framework like it's just another package so we can focus on how web spec works with Cingular and then

our terminal.

Let's install a bunch of packages.

Are the angular core packages and three secondary packages that we won't be using much in this class

but are useful for angular in general.

There's also the poly fill packages and a observable data package.

All right cool they all came down.

Now we're gonna install some types so so that type script can interact with node and with core jazz.

Without these you'll get some pretty strange errors.

So it's NPM install types node and types gorgeous we'll put them in safe dev so they're only in the

development environment.

Now it's make a couple of files so we need an angular file and we're gonna need an angular polyphenols

cool snap inside of her web dev we could include these entry points.

Let's make this angular pointing to the angular TS file and then let's create a new one.

Poly fills

a point that it feels.

Now you'll notice I'm using js and Dot TS we can ignore that if we add resolve

extensions

J.S. and TS.

So this is going to tell a web pack.

Hey you know what we are using here.

Let's just leave these off I'm not sure if that's more or less confusing but it is an option.

Finally let's add one option to our dev server history API fallback.

True now we're not going to use the Angella routing in this lesson.

But if you're using angular with web pack you're going to get this turned on.

So the angular routing works so actually let's flip these poly Phills should go above angular.

Now down in the plug in section we're going to add new plug in.

It comes with web tech and it's called the context replacement plug in.

It takes two options.

The first is a reg X

second isn't absolute path.

The third is an empty object with context replacement plug in does it tells well-packed hey whenever

you see angular core and this reg X in the middle here is just a way to indicate both Windows and Mac

versions of directory's systems so Windows will do backslashes and Macs will do forward slashes.

But it's as angular core.

So when you find that the context should be our local source and what this does is it allows Web Pech

to skip all the system imports that angular uses on its own.

There's kind of a conflict here.

Both are going to use system import but we want angular to take care of the system imports and not web

back.

Now if we run NPM run Dev We can see we needed Atacama

we have our same typescript air that's nice that's throwing the air even though it's not being loaded

into web bag.

Interesting.

All right so we can fix that.

Now it's compiling successfully.

All right so now it's time to add our first angular component inside of our angular Tepes let's import

a couple of things.

So important is how typescript does requires

going to make a directory source components and source components app.

Now let's go inside source components app and create four files.

Module TS

component TS component each T.M. an app component.

C Ss

so you can see we've made these files.

This also a comma which should not be the last thing we want to do is we want to call our platform browser

dynamic that's a function and that function we're going to call bootstrap module which comes up in our

autocomplete and actually gives us a description of what it does creates an instance of Engy module

for a given platform using the given runtime compiler.

So here's the runtime compiler we're going to bootstrap module.

And here's the given module or that module.

So before we get into our AB module Let's update our index page T.M. in the index studies Shamal.

We're going to replace all of this and instead we're going to use a selector root app

and inside this empty selector we're going to say loading screwed up is going to appear in the next

build snow and module but start building the root component that's going to render and root app.

We're going import Engy module

so we're creating a new decorator for this class class at module which will be empty.

Decorator has three properties.

It's going to bootstrap the apparate which is the component we're about to build.

The uproots going to have its own declarations.

And it needs the browser module to mount in that route.

So now an app component.

Yes let's import component

from angular core

inside here.

We're going to set up that selector route app.

We're also going to import our styles in our age to mount

OK and that's going to decorate this class here.

Apparate there's going to be one variable inside apert.

And that'll be the message last Let's open up or abduct component age do you email and add that profile.

Now we've seen this profile before and this image we're replacing the heading with message which uses

this handlebars like syntax to include variables that's being required into the template part of this

component decorator so we can see we're compiling successfully.

Let's see what it looks like in the browser.

All right so it's giving us an error in this configuration.

Angular requires a zone.

Yes we can include that in our poly fills.

It's inside angular poly fills.

What's important stuff

gorgeous.

E-6

refl. meta data

and finally zone.

J.S. just so you noticed the Hobb module reloading works but it doesn't update the browser.

All right it's working.

So now we want to do the classic angular Hello world and you some two way data binding and flutter up

component that age T.M. let's add an input

and in order to bind it we use this syntax in the model equals the name of the variable we want to bind

to angular will read this when it compiles the template.

In this section it will bind this message variable to that input.

So you see we have a can't bind to ngi model input is going to need another library which is the form's

module or

it's also important

right back to normal.

So now we have a little in here.

Let's give it some styles do input padding.

20 font size to text align center margin zero nada.

All right so let's look this up.

So we're going to require this the same way we do our age Jamail with one small difference.

Component C Ss now at the end of this we're going to want to say to string.

So the stiles gets the string output.

If we don't do two string instead it'll get the result of a style floater.

So let's reload and see angular pulling in the CEO says just fine.

And now we can dynamically edit or input classic angular in this episode.

We got up and running with angular five and we're back we concluded our first component and got two

way data binding working.

We didn't look too deeply under the covers as to what angular is really doing.

Instead I wanted to show you how web pack handles and Geller's typescript and unique declarative API

to easily cobble these kinds of components together.

If you need the final code get.

Check out Hookup angular final.
