Come back in this episode we're going to look at including the view J.S. framework with our web project

much like angular.

There is of UJA see alive which creates a premade web well-packed boiler plate for you but this course

is all about deciphering what's in those boiler plates.

So we're going to build it with plain web pack to understand it better.

Let's all start from a common place.

The Hookup branch so we'll get a check out.

Hookup now it's NPM install View and The View loader

now inside of our web packet dev.

Let's add that loader to our module rules.

So with the top here we can say we're going to test

for the extension the we are going to use

the View loader now at the top.

Let's include a plug in.

It's called The View loader plug in

and will require that from view loader.

Right.

So now in the plug in section we want to put in new view loader plug in just like that.

All right so no or what well-packed Dev is all set up to handle view files.

Let's set up a basic app files using touch

run to create source app Jr's source app view

inside main J.S..

Let's require that app file we just created the lowercase app and inside that lowercase.

Let's set up the basic boilerplate code for a view at full import view from view and we'll import our

app component from map view.

Now this is the part that the web pack view loader is going to look for.

Now the last thing to do in this file is to set up a new instance of view new view and that's a function

that takes an object.

The first property is all that stands for element that's going to be id rather selector of the element

we want to use to route our view JS app.

So if you go over here to index that each D.M. you can see we have our old body and profile.

So if we cut out the profile and replace this with a div ID app

now that matches this the final property is render and this is going to be a function that we run to

render our view app.

The function looks like this.

The first argument of the function is by convention called age but really should be called create element.

It's a function that takes in a view template and outputs a piece of virtual dom which would be the

render.

So now what does our apt of view look like.

Well first of all they all include a template tag

inside this temple tag we just paste that profile.

We don't change anything to class name.

This just comes in as planets to Mount Snow objects is importing view and it's rendering it here inside

the captive in our index.

Cool.

Now you've got it all wired up.

The last thing we need to do.

We'll find out after we run our server.

So is we're attempting to render a view template.

We need the view template compiler so we can install a new template compiler and while we're at it let's

do the View style loader.

These two packages are common with you and allows us to compile templates and to use a style loader

the same way we would do it in a normal jazz file the view style loader is going to allow us to have

those hot CSSA changes like we're used to.

Now that we've installed those two NPM run Deveson

compile successfully it looks like we have our view runtime included in our package.

So what's this look like.

Looks like it did before we go into our.

We see that the captive has been replaced by div containing our.

View japes replaces this.

Everything inside the app the template view transposes image tags to point to the proper image.

So this is pointing to the root.

This is our view loader at work so we can probably change this

updates instantly without reloading.

All right what about our.

Looks good.

So will you dev tools and our console.

This allows us to inspect our view app.

I highly recommend downloading the dev tools preview

so you just add these to Chrome and then you have the tools.

All right.

So finally we are we sort of have UJA sap at this point.

We don't have any state in our app.

So let's create some components and add some state so we can see the final tweak we have to do to our

Web config to get everything working what's exit out of the server.

We're going to create some files.

First we're going to make a directory source when we call it components.

Then we're going to create a new component source components profile.

Now an update as you can include another property that tells the view we have components inside of our

app

we're going to save profile is the name of a component we want and we're going import that

components profile as soon as the components profile that's important view from view and we'll export

defaults of component

profile.

The second argument is an object first things contain his data that's going to be a function that returns

an object.

The second thing is the template itself that's going to be a lot of things we're going to use template

literals for right now.

So this template property is just pulling in a string underneath that string from the inside or app

view where you take this profile stuff out.

And we're just going to add profile

now and paste in the template

have a new working component.

Let's add some data let's add name law and down here we'll do double curly brackets and we'll give it

that name.

So now we have an app component that registers a profile a profile component that renders the template

and adapt our view which just includes the profile component.

So it started out and so we're at

compiled successfully but nothing on the screen.

Why is that.

We go to our console.

You can see the warning in profile you're currently using the runtime only build a view where the template

compiler is not available either precompiled templates and or render functions where you use the compiler

included.

Now for development we want to use a compiler included bill so we can have these templates exist however

we want.

Never would have included this profile as a new dot in the file.

The loader would have done this for us but in development we really wanted to have the compiler included

build in production will have the runtime only build the way we saw this is actually pretty simple.

We go into well-packed at depth.

When we create an alias we say resolve alias and that's an object that object says view as the property

and then view dist view yes.

J.S..

So this is Web pack when they encounter something like this.

Where do you resolve to be recompiled successfully.

And this is reloaded and it's not giving that error anymore.

We're using the compile time build the simple resolve.

So the result is kind of a larger topic but effective to say that every time you encounter something

like this there are places that with something like this and everything works out.

All right cool.

So we got to go in.

Let's update this data a bit save it and it updates.

All right.

So if you need to catch up get check out Vyasa final in this episode.

We got into view yes we had a huge ass loader a plug in and a simple alias to our Web Dev so as to be

able to use Mujeres components.

You can see there's not much new or special about you as File Types back one of them up and turned them

into javascript just like everything else.

OK that's it for this episode.

Thank you so much for watching.

I'll see you next time.
