All right so before we get started I wanted to make sure you knew exactly where to find the project

code for this course.

I have a get help repo.

My name is law.

Once in two W's and the repots web packhorse.

So if we go to cloner download we can copy the repo then in a terminal we just type get clone paste

the repo and then clone it into web packhorse.

Now if at any point in the course you're behind or something just isn't right and you're kind of stuck

on what you know there's a bunch of branches here.

These branches represent every single lesson in the course.

There's one Frege and there's one for starting.

And the final code if you want to check out a specific thing you want to go into the course.

And then you can look at all the branches.

Right now we only have a master So let's check out say Babel 1.

And if we get branch now of Babel 1 so we can start there.

After checking out a branch or going to one NPM install to get the latest node modules and that's basically

it you can always look here in the branches to see what we have available and the Choose Your Own Adventure

section Hookup is going to be where you want to start.

See.

So you get check out Hookup and then we are to see which branch you're on you're going to want to get

branch and the one that's got the asterisk next to it is the one you're on.

All right so that is where the Course code lives.

And we're going to use this repo throughout the course to start off from a common place and and develop

from there.

All right.

So I will see you in future sections.
