All right welcome back.

The last episode we had a note on.

So now we can reload the server and the client side code if you need to catch up.

Get check out debugging before we wrap up our section on building the ultimate development environment.

I wanted to remind you that node is as debugs able as anything running the web browser has a version

61 of chrome.

We now have a way to debug node in the web browser.

Let's set that up in our package based on what's changed gnomon and add the flag inspect Melandri rerun

our dev server.

We see that we have a debugger listening on this web socket port.

If we pull up our death tolls we see now we have this button.

This is the node logo and we press this button we get a new window.

Her developer is listening on port nine 8:58.

So if we had local host 8:41 which is the default We have full control over node environment.

Notice the council is looking at the main context of node.

It also looks exactly like the output in our terminal without the colors we have hash version time hash

version time strange denotation is actually a way to tell terminal to make these things a color.

So it's not exactly the same but it's close enough now in sources.

We see that we have the entire node library at our disposal.

As far as server side code we only have one file express G-S.

Let's add a debugger to express Jaz and see what happens.

Save it it reloads and immediately takes us to the sources tab and pauses right on the debugger.

That's really cool.

Now we can look around and see here's our stedding middleware you will add watch variables and look

at the call stack all the way up and down you can see Express's right here.

But we also have some web code if we expand this out the variables of each of these things are denoted

in the red color.

We're able to look at pretty much everything in here.

Now this will come in handy later.

But I wanted to show you that no matter what you can always type in debugger reload and you'll get to

exactly the place in the code you want to get to.

Now the same works for client side code.

Let's resume the debugger.

And now we have a listening server.

Let's put a debugger statement in our client side menu.

Yes.

Right underneath the index h l save we.

Notice it opens it up directly where we put the debugger statement.

Now there is one big difference we should notice.

These require statements are replaced by web pack require.

Now what this tells us we're not actually working on the same code.

This is the transpired code in order to get the exact same code.

We're going to need to make a change.

The debugger is paused on line 36 12 not line 5 in order to get the right line numbers are going to

need to make a change to our Web config.

You guessed it we're talking about source maps.

So let's zoom back in our web config under dev server.

Let's put dev tool

source map.

Don't forget the comma.

Now we save it'll be reloaded their debugger stateman.

Let's take that out.

All right it reloads and it pauses on line five exactly the same.

If you notice we also have a hint here in the comments what file are in mange Yes at the bottom it's

his source mapped from Main bundle.

Yes we're no longer looking at the bundle we're looking at the original file.

This makes it a lot easier to debug our code.

You notice in our output we have one more file main bundle just map.

This is going to be a bigger file than our main bundle.

We don't need to mess with us directly.

This file is something for Chrome to pull in when the Derf tools are open it won't be used in production

it'll just be used in our development environment to make our lives a whole lot easier.

In this episode we introduced a debugging experience with both client and server side code.

We'll be using the debugger and the rest of the dev tools throughout this course.

We also discussed source maps and how easy it is to use them with chrome and web.

If you get lost along the way here's the final code.

Now the set up is the ultimate developer experience.

How reloading reactive programming with a live debugging session from the comfort of the same dev tools

we've always used in the client.

Gone are the days of console log long live debugger next sally forth into the world of front and framework's

with our Choose Your Own Adventure.

What a variety of front end frameworks like Ejay us SAS and react to our Web pack's setup and later

we'll discuss optimizing our bundle for production.

There's a lot more left.

Let's continue to the next section.
