In this section we're going to begin a new project and build a kind of boiler plate an optimal setup

for developer happiness and productivity that we can use in future projects we'll set up Web PAC and

the web server will then unlock functionality to hot reload CSSA changes as we make them.

We'll look at how syntax errors can be surfaced in the browser we'll create our own web server with

Express and middleware will set up server side reloading with gnomon.

And finally we'll look at debugging in both the client and server side with dev tools.

All right let's get into it.

Now we're going to start by making a directory what we call it web pack course CD into web packhorse.

And inside there let's make three directories into a source.

A dist and a config.

All right.

Now let's set up or get code versioning to get ignorant.

Period.

Now it's initialized with NPM the NPM init dash y.

That gives us all the defaults OK.

Now that we have a packaged Jason let's create a good ignore file with one line in it.

Node modules.

All right.

Now it's time to install web pack that's NPM install dasht G web pack web packs CLIA

so usually well-packed takes a configuration file in web pack for They've introduced the possibility

of using web pack without a configuration file.

So to do that let's create a couple of files inside of our directories.

Let's create source index Jap's and dist index.

But each to you Mel let's open those in our text editor.

All right.

So let's test this real quick.

We're going to add something small to each one of these.

So if you look at the Web Pech help you can see that there's a lot of flags you can use these flags

to run web pack without a config file.

Let's give it a shot.

You say web pack mode development.

It seemed to have worked.

Stu mode production is smaller.

That's cool to really use web pack.

You're going to want to add loaders and plug ins.

So a config file is really the best place for that.

Let's create a config file now run a touch config web pack dev J us let's remove the main geus from

disks in the index Jaz from source.

Now inside our config file.

Let's set this up with the basic options to get the Web Pech dev server running the web Pech config

file exports an object in a common jast style that object takes three parameters entry mode and output

so inside of our entry.

Let's create a new bundle.

The bundle will be called main point at source and Jap's will create that now Source main gas.

Now the mode will be development.

You can either be development were production for production environments in output.

The first parameter is the file name

so be what we plan to call the file.

Once web Pech processes it outputs it the convention is to call it name bundle.

J.S. where this bracketed name becomes the name in the entry object.

So in this case main bundle.

Secondly we want to give an absolute path will say path and if for this one will use the path package

that comes standard with node subscribe path from acquire path well say patho resolve

current director with surname backout one and go to Dist since we want all of our files to end up in

Dist.

All right so let's give that a shot see if it works.

When Nicole Webb pack we're going to point to our config file

and we have output.

Cool.

So you can see it ended up in the main bundle Jaz.

So this files only eighty five lines long.

Most of it is web pack boiler plate code paths in the entry are always relative paths to where Web pack

is run from.

In our case it's run from the root.

You can also use an array if you have multiple files and my pack will concatenate them together.

All right it's time to get this running in a browser.

We'll meet our index study mail in desk to be filled out a little bit.

So let's give it the bare minimum and say hello world.

Well give me the script tag script.

Well pointed or main bundle you know inside our Web packet Dev We didn't want to give her output one

more parameter public path.

We're going to give it the right path.

But if you wanted this to be in J.S. for instance you would give it the japes path.

Next you want to add options for our dev server.

It's going to have one property content base and we're going to say that's dist.

So everything will be served out of disk when we run the well-packed dev server.

All right so let's NPM install and we're going to do a dash s to save these locally rendah web pack

pack Selye and the web pack dev server.

All right cool they all came down.

So let's run our Web server now and see what Pak dev server config will point to our config file.

And built extremely fast.

When we got here all right it tells us where our project is running where it's being served from which

folder the content is coming from.

Let's look it up in the browser hold command and double click and we have it.

Hello world we say hello alert to the world.

Say that and it automatically reloads their new alert.

Pretty crazy.

So now that we have the web server going you'd see there's a couple of extra files here.

This is the Web socket connection the web server uses to establish that hot reloading that we just saw.

Now this will make the file look unnaturally big in development.

It's now 371 lines.

But this is web server code and it's not going to end up in the production build.

OK we're up and running in this episode we got a new project going with web pack for installed the web

dev server command brings us hot reloading on our javascript file right out of the box.

The final code should be at get check out set up Final what PAC also handles CSSA images and other kinds

of files.

And that's what we're going to get into in the next episode.

See there.
