OK welcome back in this episode we're going to keep looking into how web pack loads files specifically

style sheets will introduce the concept of Lowder's and how web page use them to handle various file

types.

We're going to start right where we left off.

If you need to catch up get check out Lowder's one.

All right.

So here we are back in the terminal.

Let's create a new CSSA file.

Let's open it up and add something simple.

I like the color red.

Now when our main Jap's

we're going to require main CSSA.

Now let's run the web server

so it throws an error.

You may need an appropriate loader to handle this file type.

So what this error is saying is web pack doesn't know every language it just knows javascript it relies

on an ecosystem of Lowder's to handle other types of files will get deep into Lowder's soon.

For now let's add two letter packages via the terminal to get this VSS working.

So we're going to Control-C out of the dev server then.

NPM install style loader and CSSA loader

in your web config.

You're going to add a module object underneath dev server within that object you're going to add a rules

array.

Now these are the rules the web pack will use when he encounters various file types.

The array takes an object which takes a test parameter.

The test primmer takes a regular expression indicating the file extension that you want to target.

It also takes a use parameter which is an array and this is where you specify your Lowder's

we're going to put in the style loader

and the CSSA loader.

Now these loaders will run in reverse order REPAK will run the CSSA loader first and once that's done

Lanting the file will then pass to the style loader the style loader is responsible for injecting CSSA

into the HD amount.

So let's run our web pack dev server again.

It seems to be built correctly and you can see that main CSSA is included.

So how does this look in the browser.

We have color now if you look at the head you can see that the style Luter injected the CSSA in a style

tag in the header.

Let's make this hello world a little prettier.

If you're following along PR-STV after every line

of the body of margined 0

and a background color of dark gray.

Now let's give our Hello World Hetter

let's brighten it up with a color white every time I say you can see the browser is updating.

We're going to use fluxbox to center this

room make the font prettier.

And finally we're going to add a text shadow to give it a bit of depth.

Very nice.

And the browser just keeps reloading on the fly as I saved the file.

Now let's imagine we make a syntax error leaving off a semi-colon and we save it.

We can see that in the console where that gives us the error and where we need to fix it.

Now that's pretty cool.

In this episode we learn how to add CSSA loaders to get styles on a reloading in the browser.

We then tested a bit of the CSSA lynching where it gives us if you got lost at any point this branch

holds the Finnish working code.

Next we'll continue our discussion of Lowder's by seeing how web Pech handles H.T. M-L and image files.

See there.
