Welcome back.

We're going to start right where we left off.

But if you need to catch up get check out Lowder's too in the last episode.

We set up hot reloading with web pack for both javascript and CSSA using web pack loaders.

We looked at syntax errors and CSSA and showed how they could be surfaced in the con..

But there is an even better way to view syntax errors.

And that's what we're going to get into now.

Let's start our dev server

now.

Notice if we make a syntax error in our main CSSA like leaving off a semi-colon it recompiles and immediately

shows us the error and read the semi-colon back.

It compiles and is back to normal.

You can also see that in the console in the web browser.

But we'd really like to see errors right in the browser window itself went back to added the feature

with one simple property in our web config under dev server and the property overlay.

True.

Now if we restart our dev server

and make another syntax error we see that now we have the error in the console and directly in the window.

We put it back we can see that we are right back to normal.

That's pretty cool.

Now just to make things a little bit easier.

Let's set our script to a package.

Jaison in the scripts area.

Delete this.

Test and add.

Start

within start.

We'll put our web back dev server command like we've been running in the terminal.

Let's also add a build command for what we want.

We're back to do a static build

all right back in the terminal.

Let's check it out.

Let's do an NPM run start.

Very nice.

OK so this page is a little too basic for me.

We're building a personal blog or portfolio site for a certain hero.

So let's get our page Chimo file parse through web pack as well

let's move the index storage to email from dist to source

that's made him out just to fill it out.

We're going to add a profile tag place the H-1 inside of it now it's said or indexed what HD a mail

to our main Dutchesse if we run the web server we see that we have another unexpected token which you

guessed it needs an appropriate loader.

So let's install that now.

NPM install HDMI loader extract loader and file loader

right now that those are installed.

Let's add them to our Web config.

In the rules let's that a new rule object

we're going to be testing for HCM owl and we're going to use three Lowder's.

First the file loader which will take an object of options.

We only need one option which is how we're going to name the file as its output.

So this is saying whatever the name of the HMO file is.

But here in this case it be index the next letter is going to be simpler it's the extract loader

the extract loader tells web pack that you want this to be a separate file and not included in the main

bundle J.S..

And finally we'll add the HDMI loader the HMO loader does the Lanting passes it to the extract loader

which tells pack to make a separate file which then passes it to the file loader which tells well-packed

the name of the file you want to create.

Now if we restart our Web packet of server

and see that we have a new piece of output indexed HD now it doesn't need to appear in Dist because

it's being served in memory back in a web browser.

Everything looks fine.

If instead we did NPM run build

and see that the real files are exported in the disk directory.

Let's delete those for now.

So we're not confused as to which files were loading.

So what about images.

Well let's make a new folder inner source sources make an images folder Let's see into it.

Now W get and then whatever your role you'd like to point to an image.

I'm going to use this you're all

all right you can see here we've downloaded image

CD back up to web packhorse.

So how do we get this in the index what HMO without hard coding it turns out if we point to the file

unreached UML like so

we can process this image with Werbach notice it using a relative path in the source directory.

We'll need to add a couple of options to our config first in the HDMI loader.

Let's add some options.

The syntax is a little weird but what we're saying here is of the attributes in element image the source

attribute is what we want to target.

Of course it matches the element image source attribute will also need to add a loader for image

that a new test for pigs

and let's use

Let's use the file loader pansit some options and options will be how we're going to name the file.

We need to set up a directory first then whatever name the file is we'll just pass that name finally

whatever extension the file is we'll use that extension in this case.

We're only using one kind of extension but if we wanted to we could use all the image extensions by

doing something like this

this regular expression means find something with a dot then find something with one of these three.

This is the OR operator in regular expressions.

I guess we're ready to test and see if it works.

Let's NPM start started deserver

there we have it.

We have an image that's being purchased by Web.

You can see that images is not dot images like before.

Now let's prove this.

If you wanted to change this and instead of just having the name also have a hash of the file.

Now you can see that where Pech emits an image with a hash.

We go back to our browser we can see the image with the hash has already been loaded.

That's really cool.

All right let's leave the hash off for now.

All right next we're going to want to update the CSSA in our main CSSA.

Let's add some styling for the profile.

We're going to take the display flex box and move it into a profile.

You can see there side by side.

We want them on top of each other.

So what's changed the flex flow to call them.

All right cool.

Now what style that image going to give a border radius.

So it's circular.

Let's give it a width of 300 pixels.

Finally let's give it a box chateau.

All right looking much better side by side with your router.

There couldn't possibly be a better developer experience could there.

In this episode we looked at a better way to surface errors in the browser with Web back.

We practiced updating our page with hot reloading and included the file and extract loaders to handle

additional file types like DML and images.

If you got lost at any point this branch holds the Finnish working code.

Next we'll sidestep into babble J.S. so we can upgrade javascript itself to the latest and greatest

features.

See there.
