All right welcome back.

Babble really is an amazing accomplishment by an open source community and an example of another kind

of declarative plugin driven piece of software like web pack that pushes javascript forward.

Now we're going to start right where we left off in the intro to Babel episode.

But if you need to catch up good.

Check out babbel too.

Let's get a little more into how Babel works by adding Polly filles to our codebase to extend the browser's

current capabilities and run features that are still being debated in the standards committee.

Really cool way to evolve a language.

Now let's add something that's definitely going to be in the language inciter main J.S..

Let's add a single weight

async.

Oh wait there's a new 17 feature.

It allows for a better syntax when writing a promise like structure and using Babel we can transpire

this into a promise and add the poly fill so the browser can use it before it's even implemented sooner

babble or C.

Let's add another plug in the plug in is async promises.

Now let's install the package NPM install babbel plug in

async to promises.

So now if we run this in the terminal

with babbel source main we see the babbel returns promises.

It turns the function into a promise then function.

Let's change the code further.

Let's say we had a console log.

After this async await we run it again.

We see that we have the wait calling return from the first promise

the then function will call anything placed after that you can see Babel is parsing our code and returning

new functions that define how the code should flow.

This shows the true power of Babel and that Babel can understand our code.

Async wait syntax is working its way into many evergreen browsers but at this point it's still part

of E.S. 17 spec.

Either way in 11 we'll need to include a poly fill to run even the trend spiled code since IEEE 11 doesn't

understand promises.

So in our terminal let's install the poly fill now.

NPM install babbel poly fill

now on our web config in the entry.

Let's add that package babble polyphenol because this is an array web pack adds the babbel poly full

package before our own code.

Now let's see how that works.

Let's run NPM start.

We can see our main bundle J as is quite a bit bigger and includes the poly field code to reduce the

size of this.

It really is best to use only the exact polyphenol you'll need.

So let's change the main entry again.

Instead of poly FIL will include only the promise library which is in core Janus

So we run it again.

We see that quite a bit of code has been taken out but E-6 any A7 promises are available in the code.

Now this extra polyphenol code will only be run if they're not already implemented natively in the user's

browser.

There's still going to need to be shipped to every browser in one bundle.

Let's restore the mange to its former self

we've seen how we can add babbel features one at a time with plugins.

Or we can use presets to include all the features of a particular year or a particular way of working.

There's a preset for re-act which compiles GSX for you.

Pre-sets make setup easier and the nth preset is the current preset that works best in most situations.

So let's wrap up our overview of Babel and set up a full E.S. 2017 feature stack so we can finally start

coding our project the modern way in your terminal NPM install Babel preset NVI or babbel or C.

Let's take out these plugins and replace it with pre-sets which is an array which takes another array.

The first argument of that array is Ian V.

The second argument is an object of options.

We're only going to include one option debug true when we rerun the developments or we see debugging

information EMV automatically installed.

All of these plugins to give us the full range of javascript either 17 free add another option targets

we can change this default we're going to target browsers the last two versions behind the scenes Babel

is checking the compatible which can be found at this your well it determines the current state of browser

features automatically.

So if we are to target to babble or C Babel is going to give us the plugins we need.

It was one more thing we need to make babbel complete.

We're going to add another plug in

Transform runtime

and then or main J.S..

We're going to include before everything else the babbel runtime

regenerator.

Let's add some more 20:17 code.

So if we have an async function we can give it some arguments

we can denature the object.

Finally we can use those objects and at the end let's call the function giving it values for argument.

Leslie let's add the package NPM install Babel plugin

transform runtime

and lets start our server again.

Now let's see what this becomes if we NPM run build how puts our main bundle inside or distractor the

let's search for the word future.

So you can see we're running the function here.

And the function has been completely transformed into a generator.

Feel free to continue to use E.S. 17 features and see what they look like in the final bundle.

It can be kind of confusing but the idea is that babbel knows what it's doing and if you open this up

in an older browser the older browser is not going to error transpires are a fascinating part of the

JavaScript evolution and allows for lots of experimentation with the look and feel of a new syntax for

the makers of the engine commit to the implementation.

You get lost along the way.

Here's where the final code resides in the next episode.

We'll ditch the web pack dev server to server files from a server we'll build using Express and some

clever middleware will customize our output and get set up for a real full stack node app.

See there.
