So until now the best way to build a new project with Welbeck is to run the web server for local development.

It's turnkey solution to hot reloading is fantastic.

What exactly is the Web Active Server in this episode.

We'll rebuild it from the ground up using Xpress server and middleware a custom node server like Express

or Khoa can give us flexibility to add further optimizations and customisations we're going to begin

right where we left off in the last episode.

If you need to catch up get check out express one.

Now we're going to remake the dev server as part of a larger plan for our web server.

This step is crucial to the rest of the course.

It's time to graduate from the pre-made binary to gain more control over our stack.

We'll start by adding express Sunar terminal NPM install Express.

Now we're going to make a server directory inside our source directory.

Now let's create two files within sourcer main geus

and expressed last in package.

Jason we're going to want to add another script to call this one dev

Dev is going to run our main japes file inside of our server directory with node.

Now inside main Jap's Let's require Babel register.

Now this library tells babbel to transpire.

Everything after it using the Babel rules we set up in battle RC.

In this case we're going to want Babel to transpire how our expressed jast file.

OK.

Last let's get into Express and the basic syntax we're going to import express from the express package

we just installed.

We're also going to import path from the path project that comes with node.

Now let's create a simple server

and we can call listen give it a port and then give it a function to run after the server has started.

Let's just say server is listening for right now.

So if we NPM run dev we get servers listening we go to our browser we see that when we reload we have

a response or because Express has no route set up it throws an error when we want to happen as we want

to express to serve from the disk folder.

Specifically index each DML to do then we need to add a piece of middleware

express expose's of static function takes one argument the route of a web server.

The only thing we needed to do now is tell express to use it

all right.

Now let's reload the web server back in our browser we see is pulling in the index.

The image in the main bundle is almost usable in production as is but in development we want the same

live reloading experience and express that we had in the web packet of server.

So let's add that middleware right next to the static middleware now when the terminal let's install

what Pak dev middleware now it expressed just above the static middleware.

Let's add that first we're going to grab web pack from the NPM package.

Next we're gonna grab our config file

from the config directory

now with both of those we can create a compiler the web pack function takes one argument the configuration

and it returns a compiler.

We can use that compiler with our middleware.

So let's set that up

where Pak dev middleware

pulling the package and immediately invoking the function.

This function takes two arguments the compiler

and a piece of our config.

The dev server part of the config.

If we look at our config we see the dev servers right here and since the whole config is just an object

we can treat it like one.

So we set up a piece of middleware.

Now we need to do is tell express to use it

server use web pack dev middleware.

All right let's go back to the terminal run NPM run dev again.

We can see it outputs that can find information just like the web server does but we're missing the

color.

That's one more option in our dev server.

We had stat's we do colour's true now when we rerun it.

We see that we have the same colors we had before.

Cool so let's give that a try.

So in main C Ss let's change a piece of SS You can see that it recompiles in the terminal but it doesn't

change anything in the browser unless you reload.

You want the automatic reloading we had in the web server.

So for that we need one more piece of middleware.

So back in our terminal let's NPM install web pack hot middleware

back in Express.

We're going to do something similar.

Where pack hot middleware

equals.

And we'll just pull it right from the node package

and invoke the function passing it the compiler

still express to use it.

The trick is you need to tell it to use pack Hobb middleware after well-packed dev middleware.

But before the static middleware so we use that in order that config needs a couple of additions.

First we're going to grab web pack.

Secondly we're going to add hot true to the dev server options.

Finally under module we're going to add some plugins

and we'll get more into plug ins later but for now let's just add a couple of plug ins from Web pack

module replacement plug in.

OK so I didn't miss anything.

This should work.

NPM run dev.

Looks like I misspelled middleware.

There it is.

The last thing we need is inside of our main G-S on the client side.

We're going to add a library after babbel runtime require pack hot middleware client.

This piece of javascript is sent down to the client to set up the web socket connection.

All right let's give it a shot.

Now you can see the code has been added.

Let's make a change again.

Back to gray switches back to Grey to red red.

They noticed the index studied him Mel isn't reloading like we'd like.

We can see that when we change it we're receiving new information.

It's being compiled and sent down but because index reached email is not a piece of javascript or CSSA

it's not going to behave in the same way.

Turns out there's actually a really easy fix for this but we're have to get into it in the next episode.

In this episode we treated the off the shelf well-packed doser for a custom expressed dev server.

In so doing we basically dissected how the command line tool does it.

This code is basically what's inside well-packed devs server itself.

The final code is in.

Check out express one final.

Now our goal is as always to create an incredible developer experience in the next episode.

We'll work on the server side to finish up our hot reloading effort.

See there.
