All right welcome back.

So far we're making changes to our config and Server Files.

We've been restarting the server manually if you need to catch up get check out reload.

Let's get it restarting automatically with Nordman.

So first things first let's installed Node 1 so we can play around with it.

We're going to install node Munde globally.

So let's use the G flag.

All right cool.

Now in package Jaison or dev let's change node to node man node man watches certain directories and

restarted node.

Every time these directories change we're gonna want to add some watch directories do that with the

watch flag and want to watch config.

We're going to want to watch source server Fearnley we're going to state what we want to reload at the

end.

In this case it's main Jap's.

So let's give that a shot.

NPM run Deppe.

You'll see the output is slightly different.

Gnomon is watching these folders and it's starting this command pretty simple.

So what happens when we change our web config

recompiles.

All right so now we can just make changes to our server files and our config node will handle the rest.

And the last episode we had a problem editing our indexed Cudicini mail we could change the text in

the index that H M L and it would recompile but it wouldn't update the text in the browser.

What we want is for the browser to reload automatically every time we change our index studies to mount.

So to do that we're going to need to install a plug in and replace some of our loaders in our terminal

and exit out and let's NPM install each T.M. pack plug in there on our web config.

Let's pull in that package

each T.M. Petak plug in.

Next we're going to update the HTML loader because right here the HMO well-packed plug in essentially

does the same thing as the file and extract loader so we can take those out.

Now at the bottom of the plug ins are re.

Let's add this new one.

Timo We're back plug in the function and it takes an object as an argument.

There's only one property on this object we care about.

And then as template points were index that each team lives it in source.

Now the final change we have to make is in manger.

Yes this is the main jast that is sent down to the client not the one that's around the server so there's

the client there's a server in the client.

We have this web pack hot middleware line at the end.

Let's reload.

True.

Now I wish this was an option in the web config but it's not.

It has to be included right here in the require.

Now if we run NPM run dev everything looks good in her index.

Let's change it around

C when I save it automatically reload the browser.

Awesome.

So now we basically have a completely reloading front and back in solution

or CSSA is still hot reloading

or just doing

also reloading.

So now we're where we were using the dev server from the command line.

We've got assets that we can manipulate via a hot module reloading and HMO file that updates as we change

it.

We can even update the web config and gnomon will reload everything.

So we're back to reactive programming with a better stack for the future of our app.

If you've got lost along the way get check out reload final in the next episode.

We're going to take a better way to debug both client and server code with the chrome death tolls.

See there.
